♪I found a faint light
in the fading dusk♪
♪And met your steady gaze♪
♪One knowing glance,
and side by side we walk on♪
♪Longing finds no place to rest♪
♪Through drifting wind and rain♪
♪You are the prayer within my hands♪
♪A single second frozen,
tears in focus, my heart already knows♪
♪We made a promise long ago♪
♪For all our days to come♪
♪You are the fate I cannot outrun♪
♪How much must I let go
to trade for one moment?♪
♪Holding you close♪
♪Would that be enough?♪
=Echoes of Love=
(Adapted from the signed screenplay
Echoes of Love on Migu Reading)
=Episode 3=
(Jiang Bishui, Luo Yunchuan,
Ru Yu, He Yuyan)
Over the years,
dozens of courtesans have vanished
without a trace.
I investigated in secret
and found that most of them
were from Huanyue House.
During today's interrogation,
we learned of the Shengtang Guild..
They deal in trafficking courtesans.
They're hunting you
because you're the only one
who ever escaped them.
(Jiang Bishui, Luo Yunchuan, Ru Yu, He Yuyan)
Taoli. Yunxia. Chilan.
Zhaodi.
So
I wasn't the only victim.
Huanyue House is about
to host the Flower Festival.
A painter
from the Shengtang Guild will attend
to select new courtesans.
The begonia tattoo on their arms
is their mark.
I'll be undercover.
When the time comes,
we'll capture the painter.
Once this mission is over,
I'll see you out of the capital.
(Begonia flower...)
All right. I understand.
Official Gu.
This time,
I'll do everything I can
to help you solve the case.
Not just for myself.
Zhou Zihua,
you've followed me for years.
And you can't even handle
a mere courtesan?
Or is it
that your loyalties have shifted?
It was Gu Chengye.
He interfered.
Him again.
The Flower Festival is next month.
As for the courtesan queen selection,
there must be no mistakes.
Otherwise,
I'll make your face bloom
with begonia flowers.
So you'll never forget
who you belong to.
Yes.
(If Liu Ruyan is the only survivor,)
(and Huanyue House)
(is working
with the Shengtang Guild,)
(then why did Liu Ruyan
return before she died?)
(Ancestral Virtue and Merit)
(Spirit Tablet of the Gu Clan)
Sir, that was a brilliant move.
You gave her no real help,
yet told her the truth.
That way,
she had no choice but to risk herself
and draw out the mastermind for you.
I deliberately refused to work with her,
while leaving obvious flaws.
So she would press forward step by step,
thinking it was all her own doing.
Sir,
Miss Song has been compromised.
Look at my face.
This is all thanks to you.
Do you know how much effort
I put into this face?
And now it's ruined because of you.
I groomed you with care.
I raised you
to become courtesan queen.
And you dared collude
with Gu Chengye behind my back.
(He's with the Shengtang Guild too?)
Song Zhiyun.
Today
is the day you die.
(I can't. I have to survive.)
Wait.
Master Zhou.
Your face...
I can fix it.
I can restore it.
I can even make you
more beautiful than before.
Please. Just trust me this once.
Master Zhou,
that begonia on your hand
is rather plain.
Why not
let me add a touch of color?
No.
No!
The Shengtang Guild cleaned up
quite a mess for you,
so you could return to Huanyue House.
It's only fair you repay the favor.
From now on,
you'll serve as the boss.
How beautiful.
If you're willing to keep me,
I can do your makeup every day
and make you the most beautiful in the world.
You are
my most perfect creation.
How could I bear to kill you?
But you're far too disobedient.
You've caused a great deal of trouble.
You need to be taught some discipline.
Du Jinchun.
I'm here.
Master Zhou?
Let me go.
Master Zhou!
The women of Huanyue House
have never soiled
their hands with labor.
Their nails are pink as the dawn.
This delicate bridal adornment
is unique to Huanyue House.
It's called
A Touch of Red.
Master Zhou!
Let me go!
From now on, I'll say a line,
and you repeat it.
"Humility above all."
(So that means...)
(Liu Ruyan did nothing at all.)
(It was)
(all slander and a setup against her.)
(Why would you do this to Liu Ruyan?)
(Just one careless sentence,)
(and she was condemned
as a wanton harlot.)
(No. I will clear her name.)
Sir,
leave her one hand
so she can do your makeup.
Since you're fond of her,
so be it.
Sir, the Commander has arrived.
He's here to shut down Huanyue House.
Go deal with him.
Yes, sir.
And you,
Song Zhiyun.
You know
what should be said
and what shouldn't, don't you?
Gu Chengye...
Official Gu,
paying a visit so late?
What brings you here?
These days,
even one of Zhou Zihua's dogs
can speak like a man.
Three years ago, you were a nobody.
Now you're second-in-command
at Huanyue House.
Looks like
you've done
plenty of dirty work for him.